c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\StuxGeek.dll.config
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\StuxGeek.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\StuxGeek.pdb
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\obj\Debug\StuxGeek.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\obj\Debug\StuxGeek.dll
c:\users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\obj\Debug\StuxGeek.pdb
C:\Users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\giani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\StuxGeek.dll.config
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\StuxGeek.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\StuxGeek.pdb
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\obj\Debug\StuxGeek.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\obj\Debug\StuxGeek.dll
C:\Dev\STUXGEEK\new-stuxgeek\StuxGeek\StuxGeek\obj\Debug\StuxGeek.pdb
